New recipe/diagnostic:  recipe_li17natcc.yml for Axels GMD Paper (#1567)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/recipes/recipe_li17natcc.rst

.. _recipes_li17natcc:

Constraining future Indian Summer Monsoon projections with the present-day precipitation over the tropical western Pacific
==========================================================================================================================

Overview
--------

Following `Li et al. (2017)`_ the change between present-day and future Indian Summer Monsoon (ISM) precipitation is constrained
using the precipitation over the tropical western Pacific compared to

> a fixed, observed amount of 6 mm d\ :sup:`-1`\ from Global Precipitation Climatology Project (GPCP) `(Adler et al., 2003)`_ for 1980-2009.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a fixed, observed amount of 6 mm d\ :sup:`-1` from Global Precipitation Climatology Project (GPCP) `(Adler et al., 2003)`_ for 1980-2009.
```

For CMIP6, historical data for 1980-2009 should be used. For CMIP5 historical data from 1980-2005 should be used, due to the length of the data sets.

> At the moment it is not possiible to use a combined [historical, rcp] data set, because the diagnostic requires that a historical data set is given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment it is not possiible to use a combined ``['historical', 'rcp']`` data set, because the diagnostic requires that a historical data set is given.
```
